the people who approached him for having
a lack of empathy are themselves
demonstrating an unbelievable lack of
empathy the challenge is not to have
empathy for people you like the
challenge is precisely to have empathy
for the people you dislike it's not hard
to have everything for someone who's
your friend who you support you agree
with you considered to be morally good
precisely what's challenging is to have
empathy for someone who you consider a
bit bad a bit strange a bit morally
wrong a bit compromised that what's
what's difficult precisely is having
empathy for your enemies few years ago
Heidi asked me if we could be in an open
polyamorous marriage not just infidelity
but infidelity with mutual friend that
everyone knew that you went to LA to
hang out and be featured on game grumps
and then you turn around and have sex
with the wife of one of those people
commander Holly who is Ross from game
grumps ex wife which was like the other
kind of later there that's some
narcissistic sociopath II and that's the
nicest way I can put it uh you know few
years ago Heidi asked me if we could be
in an open polyamorous marriage I
recognize now that this request and my
willingness to go along with it was an
unhealthy attempt to solve deeper issues
that had developed within our marriage
Heidi has taken several casual partners
and has been in more serious
relationships with another partner since
2017 whether done to make her own
actions feel justified or because she
genuinely believed it would help me
build self-esteem
Heidi suggested that I also engage with
other women
Heidi encouraged me to tell Holly that I
was developing feelings for her but when
I did things change with Heidi she
became angry and vindictive and did not
want me to see her speak with Holly
anymore she called me a cheater and
claimed that I was destroying our
marriage because of my affair even
though she continued to have other
relationships with other partners I saw
the change in him or maybe that's all
how he always was where he just forgot
about the friends he knew because well
I'm bit I'm bigger than you now guys so
why would I talk to you and I've seen
that with a couple of youtubers
I bring him up as a sample and there's
one more I don't somebody know that I
definitely saw that in so the type of
person that does that in my opinion is a
little bit narcissistic at least that
you can forget about people like they're
like they're nothing that may be
slightly sociopathic that they think
they can use people until they can
anymore they get away with it I never
wanted to destroy our marriage and I
spent months after that doing what I
could to repair it through couples
therapy and extensive individual therapy
those close to me of witnessed Heidi's
behavior towards me on many occasions
and have begged me to leave for some
time I was many things during this time
including embarrass scared and broken
but I was never the abuser I made
several attempts to leave starting in
October of 2018 but each time she
refused to let it happen threatening to
destroy my career and to harm others if
I left despite all of this I tried to
end things amicably
I helped how do you find a new place to
live and pay the initial deposit I
bought her car to facilitate her
independence I formally filed for
divorce on May 13th 2019 and have
instructed my attorneys to make sure she
receives her fair share of what I earned
while we were together
so when I see someone get outed for
doing bad behavior not just infidelity
but infidelity with mutual friend that
everyone knew that you went to LA to
hang out and be featured on game grumps
and then you turn around and have sex
with the life of one of those people
that's some narcissistic sociopath II
and that's the nicest way I can put it
uh you know I was just listening to the
news about this in the background while
buying airplane tickets buying airplane
tickets can be quite a time consuming
activity for me and what I had already
concluded reading between the lines is
now stated on the lines pro Jarrod
wasn't cheating on his wife
it's now been very explicitly stated
that they had an open relationship that
he did sleep with other people that she
slept with other people also that at the
time of their divorce he wanted to get
divorced and she did not and that she
threatened if he left her
she would destroy his career which is
now exactly what she's attempted to do
he filed divorce paperwork and she
retaliated against him and tried to
destroy him as best she could now there
are two things here I find a little bit
interesting to comment on number one is
the willingness of people to just
believe texts meet up on the Internet
with absolutely nothing to back it up as
if human beings are not capable of lying
when they're sitting at a keyboard I had
an interview with a quote/unquote
legitimate journalist someone who had a
degree from a major American University
in journalism who was working for Gawker
Media Gawker Media was put out of
business because they defamed
professional wrestler Hulk Hogan true
story google it but at that time this is
in the last couple of months months when
Gawker Media was in in business they got
touched me and interviewed me about
ultimately a sex scandal that involves
me and the juice online you can hear it
and at one point she asked me she really
didn't do much thinking in advance the
interview she said oh well so this story
that was made up about you you know
having love affairs these are as women
you know so where did he get that look
what was his sauce that and the answer
is simply he made it up it doesn't
really have anywhere to go from there it
really seemed like the journalist had
not thought through the possibility that
human beings can just make things up and
it's a it's a pretty fundamental part of
of life on Earth now there were various
things about the story made up about me
that were really easily falsifiable like
even just looking at how the story
changed when he kept you know he kept
moving the goalposts he cut jeanss story
I pointed out many times that when he
first made up the story he had me he was
the person who was blacking him he
alleged that I was having a love affair
with one young woman who lived in
Germany
and another who lived in Scotland
simultaneously while I was living on the
west coast of Canada I'd never met
either those who have face to face and
also both of the women said nothing of
the kind never happened and that I had
never even said them inappropriate
emails both of the women denied anything
that happened so one person made up that
story and there were some pretty obvious
problems with it and then as ever call
in order the next story he made up was
that I was just sleeping with a whole
bunch of women in Quebec there wasn't
even so the number wasn't specified but
I just you know what she said this
amazing sex life in Quebec Quebec is in
the eastern part and uh in my whole life
I've only spent a couple of days in
Quebec that I hadn't been didn't Quebec
for years and years and years and I was
living on the west coast of Canada which
is really very far away there were these
kinds of obvious problems but I got to
see firsthand just how willing people
were you know dad no particular agenda
they had no particular reason to hate me
but I got to see at least tens of
thousands probably over a hundred
thousand people who wholeheartedly
you know believed in this this set of
lies against me just because they they
left at the chance they loved to have
the the opportunity to harshly morally
condemn someone now even if your
position is that you think open
relationships are evil that's maybe a
more interesting thing to meditate on
like Pro Jarrod's story I think it is a
sad story a lot of people have heard
before because he also says they were in
therapy that we're trying to make the
relationship work and it wasn't working
he makes it sound as if their transition
from being monogamous to being an open
relationship was kind of part of a
downward spiral for the relationship
rather than being part of how that
relationship was thought up off the bat
I don't know that that's just seems to
be the way it was this guy okay that's a
sad story there's maybe something to
talk about there something reflection
there there are some some lessons
learned for that but if you're gonna
reflect on that if you were gonna
reflect on what's come out about this
guy's marriage the the harsh moral tone
of claiming that he's a sociopath
claiming that he's a narcissist
that's that's a really sad really sick
response to this and you know there were
other lessons to be learned from it too
I mean like you know again I I assume
even the woman he's divorcing she'll
probably calm down later and have a
different perspective on all this but
again as he tells the story she
threatened to destroy them if if he left
her they broke up and that's what she's
she's proceeded to do and you see just
how many willing participants there were
different people with different petty
petty resentments against him where he
just forgot about the friends he knew
because well I'm bit I'm bigger than you
now guys so why would I talk to you oh
well he used to be friendly with me
before he got famous and there was the
this is this is the the saddest exchange
thing I wanted to mention this video the
people who approach this guy for
so-called narcissism and and and and as
being a sociopath etc the people who
approached him for having a lack of
empathy are themselves demonstrating an
unbelievable lack of empathy empathy and
lack of empathy it's this kind of weird
excuse what we normally deal with is
people having
selective empathy they have everything
for one side only like they have empathy
for his wife and not for him they demand
others have empathy for them and they
don't make any effort to have empathy
for the other person um I don't think
it's I don't think it's hard at all to
empathize of the situation Pro Jarrod
just went through so I just photos up
for you the challenge is not to have
empathy for people you like the
challenge is precisely to have empathy
for the people you dislike it's not hard
to have everything for someone who's
your friend who you support you agree
with if you consider to be morally good
precisely what's challenging is to have
empathy for someone who you consider a
bit bad a bit strange a bit morally
a bit compromise that what's what's
difficult precisely is having empathy
for your enemies and and not coming out
swinging
it's anyway look again my first video on
this topic was called don't hate Pro
jarred hate yourselves I've never
understood this 21st century culture of
the apology of wanting to make yourself
out to be the victim in every situation
that's what Pro Jarrod has been doing
Chris Brown and so many others like so
Chris Brown there's many many years ago
10 years ago beat his girlfriend and his
response to this was to try to portray
himself as a kind of weak victim and so
on I really don't get it like I think
pro Jarrod was in a position where he
could have just come out and said look I
am NOT Big Bird I am NOT the Cookie
Monster I've never pretended to be
something I'm not
again I there are things I criticize
about it I think this whole thing of
sending people nude photos is [ __ ] I
think people should have real
relationships whether they're fully
clothed or naked I think it's really
important in the age of the Internet
tell people no you know like decide if
you're attracted to someone based on
seeing them face to face and getting
another personality and you know in real
life you'll find yourself attracted to
people that you wouldn't find attractive
in a photograph and the other hand a
photographic very misleading you find a
photograph can look beautiful and that's
not who the person really is that's not
you know that's not the chemistry I
think it's really important for people
to to cultivate real relationships and
you know in your whole life maybe you're
only gonna have like ten real
relationships maybe we're gonna have
five whereas you can have a thousand and
ten thousand you can start accumulating
photographs on your hard drive but it's
fake I think it's actually really
important and worth examining that see I
mean there are things I disagree with
about the guy but you know yeah I think
a hope and the 21st century people will
stop trying to cultivate this you know
harshly condemning thing of holding
people the moral standards they never
pretended to uphold themselves and on
the other hand I hope people stop you
know trying to defend themselves by
making themselves
to be you know the victim Pro Jared I
mean if this is who you are if you're a
freaky dude who likes dressing up as
women sometimes doing cosplay and this
is you know and having your open
relationship and stuff just say look man
when you tuned in to my channel this is
not Sesame Street I've never been I've
never been pretending to be something
I'm not so you know don't judge me
relative to some fantasy you made up
about who I'm supposed to be
[Music]